Docs: Update Postgres minimum version from 12 to 15 across all deployment docs (#311)
open-metadata/docs-om: v1.13.x/deployment/configuration.mdx

### PostgreSQL Configuration

> OpenMetadata uses stored generated columns which is supported in Postgres 15 and later. Ensure you have Postgres 15 or higher. We recommend you create a Postgres user with a strong password and update this section accordingly.

Reviewer: Stored generated columns are a **Postgres 12** feature — supported since 12 (12, 13, 14, 15), not 15. Stating "supported in Postgres 15 and later" is factually wrong (same class of issue as the original `1.15.0`).

Suggest keeping the fact accurate and framing 15 as **recommended**, so users on 12–14 aren't confused into thinking their setup is broken:

```suggestion
OpenMetadata uses stored generated columns (supported since Postgres 12). We recommend running Postgres 15 or higher. Create a Postgres user with a strong password and update this section accordingly.
```

Same fix applies to the `v1.12.x` and `v2.0.x-SNAPSHOT` copies of this file.
